{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 1. Overview\
\
	\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Our app idea for Zachary K - Group A (Team Name TBD) is one that we would like to use an analogy to explain. We are looking to an existing app called OpenTable for some guidance. In case you are not familiar with OpenTable, the app is used primarily by two main user groups: restaurants and diners. Restaurants use the app to post their hours, menu, and available reservations. Diners are able to establish a profile, search for a place to eat, & book a reservation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	For our project, we intend to apply similar concepts to answer the problem that Rec Sports Players and League/Facility Managers face every season \'96 how to efficiently communicate between players, coaches, & facility managers.\
\
	In our app, Play4All, there will be various levels of administrators/users: facility/league managers, coaches, & players. Players using our app will act much like diners using OpenTable. Players will be able to create their own profile, and search for leagues/teams/events much like Diners search for a place to eat. Players will also be able to register for a team or event like diners are able to book a reservations. We also intend to allow Players to track their stats within their profile much like diners can track their past visits. Coaches & Facility managers will act much like Restaurants do within OpenTable. These users will be able to post events/team sign ups\'a0along with team/league schedules and updates/important messages. We see this app as one that will be able to continue to evolve as it becomes more widely adopted.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
2. Features\
\
	a. Register/Login: Users will be able to register for an account and login to view the app. All pages will be restricted to logged in users.\
	b. Venue Calendar: Users will be able to view all the upcoming events for a particular venue in a calendar.\
	c. Event search/filtering: Users will be able to search for/filter events in a particular venue. For instance, a novice athlete could perform a text search for \'93beginner\'94 to find events geared towards their skill level. A hockey player would be able to filter out figure skating events at an ice rink.\
	d. Create Events: Administrators for a particular venue will be able to create new events in the Venue Calendar.\
	e. Register for Events: Users will be able to register for events in the Venue Calendar.\
\
3. Technologies\
\
	a. Java/SpringBoot\
	b. TypeScript/Angular\
	c. MySQL/MySQL Workbench\
	d. Hibernate\
	e. HTML/CSS\
	f. Bootstrap\
\
4. What we\'92ll have to learn\
\
	For this project, our group will have to learn how to connect a SpringBoot back end to an angular front end. The most challenging part may be getting a calendar up and running on a website, and learning how to add events, edit them, and display them correctly.}